"What you heard from me, keep as the pattern of sound teaching, with faith and love in Christ Jesus. Guard the good deposit that was entrusted to you—guard it with the help of the Holy Spirit who lives in us. 2 Timothy 1:13-14",
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. ~ John 3:16,
For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. ~ Jeremiah 29:11,
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. ~ Romans 8:28,
I can do everything through him who gives me strength. ~ Philippians 4:13, 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. ~ Proverbs 3:5,
In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight. ~ Proverbs 3:6,
Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will. ~ Romans 12:2,
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. ~ Philippians 4:6,
Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. ~ Matthew 28:19,
Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. ~ 1 Peter 5:7,
And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. ~ Philippians 4:7,
But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” ~ 2 Corinthians 12:9,
Heal me, O Lord, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved, for you are my praise. ~ Jeremiah 17:14,
Behold, I will bring to it health and healing, and I will heal them and reveal to them abundance of prosperity and security. ~ Jeremiah 33:6,
He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By His wounds you have been healed. ~ 1 Peter 2:24,
The Lord sustains him on his sickbed; in his illness you restore him to full health. ~ Psalm 41:3,
He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. ~ Psalm 147:3,
A joyful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. ~ Proverbs 17:22,
And the prayer of faith will save the one who is sick, and the Lord will raise him up. And if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven. ~ James 5:15,
Beloved, I pray that all may go well with you and that you may be in good health, as it goes well with your soul. ~ 3 John 1:2,
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. ~Genesis 1:1
 And God spoke all these words, saying:“I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of slavery. ~ Exodus 20:1-2
 “You shall have no other gods before me. ~Exodus 20:3
Blessed are those whose ways are blameless, who walk according to the law of the Lord. ~Psalm 119:1
I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you. ~Psalm 119:11
How can those who are young keep their way pure? By living according to your word. ~Psalm 119:9 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. ~Proverbs 3:5
In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths. ~Proverbs 3:6
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ~ Jeremiah 29:11
The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want. ~Psaml 23:1
He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters. ~Psaml 23:2
Your word, LORD, is eternal; it stands firm in the heavens~Psalm 119:89
He restores my soul. He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name’s sake. ~Psaml 23:3
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. ~ Psaml 23:4
You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. ~Psaml 23:5
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I shall dwell in the house of the LORD forever. ~Psaml 23:6
But they who wait for the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings like eagles; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint. ~ Isaiah 40:31
Isaiah 41:10 (ESV) Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand. ~Isaiah 41:10
Isaiah 43:2 (ESV) When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you. ~Isaiah 43:2
But he was pierced for our transgressions; he was crushed for our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that brought us peace, and with his wounds we are healed. ~Isaiah 53:5 
For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the LORD. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.~Isaiah 55:8-9 
Be strong and courageous. Do not fear or be in dread of them, for it is the LORD your God who goes with you. He will not leave you or forsake you.~ Deuteronomy 31:6 
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be frightened, and do not be dismayed, for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go. ~Joshua 1:9 
Do not cut your bodies for the dead or put tattoo marks on yourselves. I am the LORD.  
Leviticus 19:28
If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Are not even the tax collectors doing that? 47 And if you greet only your own people, what are you doing more than others? ~Matthew 5:46-47
Oh, how I love your law! I meditate on it all day long~ Psalm 119:97 
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. ~1 Corinthians 13:4
It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs ~1 Corinthians 13:5
Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. ~1 Corinthians 13:6
It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. ~ 1 Corinthians 13:7

